Where I am seems to have nothing to do with you.
In high class places
Saw someone who shouldn't be here.
Nature affects the heart
Still so arrogant.
Yesterday viewed friends circle
I heard someone was fired from the company.
You say why you mess up more pathetic.
People over 30 still can't do anything.
Luckily I was quick-witted enough to break up with you at first.
Want me to say.
He was fired from the company.
So I want to beg here.
Just him.
Grammy Private Insurance Company Cleans Toilets
Are you a small person?
What is the argument?
Oh, sorry, Mr. Yu.
Your class is getting worse and worse.
Everyone gave up their seats.
Sorry sir.
Our Grammy Private Insurance Company
No normal people accepted, please leave.